COMPANY PROFILE
Since its foundation in 1942, Asian Paints has come a long way to become India’s leading and Asia’s third
largest paint company, with a turnover of around USD 4 billion. We operate in 16 countries and has 26
manufacturing facilities in the world, servicing consumers in over 60 countries.
The company has come a long way since its small beginnings in 1942. It was set up as a partnership firm
by four friends who were willing to take on the world’s biggest, most famous paint companies operating in
India at that time. Over the course of 25 years, Asian Paints became a corporate force and India’s leading
paints company. Driven by its strong consumer-focus and innovative spirit, the company has been the
market leader in paints since 1967. Today, it is double the size of any other paint company in India. Asian
Paints manufactures a wide range of paints for decorative and industrial use.
Asian Paints Berger has a strong manufacturing base in the Middle East, with dedicated plants in Dubai,
Sohar, and Bahrain. These fully automated units create our range of Middle East specific products. They
are equipped with aseptic processing areas, computerised dosing stations to create finely calibrated
formulations, R&D centres that incubate innovative paint technologies, and automated loading bays to
respond to orders in an agile fashion.
Our team thrives on a culture of inclusivity, and we lay emphasis on collaboration. Our folks have a strong
sense of ownership and revel in the open and interactive work culture. Innovation and invention are of
prime importance in any organisation and in our industry, doubly so. Performance and agility are highly
valued at Asian Paints Berger. Diversity is cherished and nourished, as we believe our people’s unique
perspectives can add strength and creativity to the Asian Paints Berger offering.
Continuous learning is the key to the growth of the individual and the organisation. Training forms an
important part of the experience at Asian Paints Berger – leadership qualities are reinforced, and
competencies are upgraded. We also regularly recruit new and emerging talents from top institutes.
The group has a strong presence in five regions of the world, including Middle East, South Asia, South East
Asia and South Pacific, through its five corporate brands – Asian Paints Berger, Asian Paints, SCIB Paints,
Apco Coatings, Taubmans, and Kadisco.
4