# Programme Information  

The International EPD ®  System: EPD International AB Box 210 60 SE-100 31 Stockholm, Sweden,  info@environdec.com  

PCR 2019:14 Construction products, version 1.3.3., Construction EN 15804:2012+A2:2019/AC:2021 Sustainability of  Construction Works  

Technical Committee of the International EPD ®  System. Review chair: Claudia A. Peña, University of Concepción, Chile.  

The review panel may be contacted via the Secretariat www.environdec.com/contact.  

Independent third-party verification of the declaration and data. according to ISO 14025:2006:  

EPD process certification 	              EPD verification  X  

Independent third-party verification of the declaration and data, according to ISO 14025:2006, via EPD  verification by individual verifier  

Third Party Verifier:  Stephen Forson, ViridisPride Approved by:  The International EPD ®  System Technical Committee supported by the Secretariat  

Procedure for follow-up of data during EPD validity involves third party verifier:  

Yes	   No  X  

Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) LCA Practitioner:  Orhan Atacan MSC MBA, Metsims Sustainability Consulting  

EPDs within the same product category but registered in different EPD programmes may not be comparable. For two EPDs to be comparable,  they must be based on the same PCR (including the same version number) or be based on fully-aligned PCRs or versions of PCRs; cover products  with identical functions, technical performances and use (e.g. identical declared/functional units); have equivalent system boundaries and  descriptions of data; apply equivalent data quality requirements, methods of data collection, and allocation methods; apply identical cutoff  rules and impact assessment methods (including the same version of character is ation factors); have equivalent content declarations; and be  valid at the time of comparison.  

The EPD owner has the sole ownership, liability, and responsibility for the EPD. EPDs within the same product category but from different  programmes may not be comparable. EPDs of construction products may not be comparable if they do not comply with EN 15804.  

