# Company information  

Owner of the EPD:  Tarkett  

Contact: Myriam Tryjefaczka  ,  myriam.tryjefaczka@tarkett.com   Tarkett La Défense, 1 Terrasse Bellini  92400 Paris   Description of the organisation:  

With an international coverage and a wide range of products, Tarkett has over 130 years of experience  in providing integrated solutions for floorings to professionals and end users.  

Many of the most important architectural firms in the world and building professionals have chosen  Tarkett for the value of its products and for its consultation and service abilities. Therefore, Tarkett  floorings and sport surfaces are present in several prestigious architectural reference points. Tarkett  offers integrated solutions for floorings, able to meet the particular needs of customers. Our wide range  of designs, colors and models provides an infinite series of possibilities, contributing to create a positive  environment and a better quality of life for people.  

Tarkett operates with the utmost respect for the environment towards the realization of eco-friendly  products.  

Tarkett’s commitment to the environment is woven throughout its business. Cradle-to-Cradle principles  are, in fact, the basis of the design and production of every solution. Particularly, the lifecycle analysis  is used to continuously improve the production process, and so the products until their use stage,  disposal and recycling. The commitment to the environment is also proven by the accession to the  Circular Economy 100 program, where Tarkett group, with a network of companies, is working to  develop a circular economy model based on the reuse of materials and preservation of natural  resources. The development of products that can be reused within internal production cycles, or external  ones in case of other individuals, has been an integral part of the business strategy aimed at  sustainability for many years. The WCM (World Class Manufacturing) management system has been  developed in 2009, and it includes the environmental pillar aimed to the elimination of losses and to the  growth of process efficiency.  

Product-related or management system-related certifications: ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 50001, WCM  manufacturing site.  

Name and location of production site(s): Sedan (France) , Clervaux  (Luxembourg)  

