# Company information  

Owner of the EPD: NINGBO HELONG NEW MATERIAL CO., LTD  

Contact: Yun ZHOU ( $\cdot{}^{+86}$  138 5832 8002)  

Website: yardcom.net  

Description of the organisation:  

Ningbo Helong New Materials Co., Ltd. was established in May 2011. It is a green and high-tech  enterprise specialising in the research and development of plastic wood decking, plastic wood siding,  plastic wood decorative materials and landscape materials.  

The first phase of the factory covers an area of more than 100 acres, with nearly 30 high-strength quality  plastic wood composite material production lines, and the current annual capacity of 50,000 tons. The  company adheres "He" culture as the core, always putting people first, being humble, innovative quality,  restoring nature, and benefiting mankind for the mission, focus on the creation of quality new wood  materials. Building a new economy of circular ecology. The new generation of high-quality wood-plastic  decking, wood-plastic wallboard, wood-plastic gallery frames, wood-plastic fences, wood-plastic flower  boxes and other products developed by the company, embodies the core technology of Helong people’s  ingenuity and innovation for many years, and completes the revolutionary reshaping and upgrading of  wood-plastic composite new materials. More than a dozen performance test indicators in the industry  are internationally advanced, defining the next generation of high-quality wood-plastic standards. At the  same time, the wood-plastic landscape of Helong all over the world has become a new natural landmark  of many public scenic spots. The company’s innovative research and development of high-end co- extruded wood plastic products with double-sided matte imitation wood effect is the world’s first, has  been widely recognised in the world, and sold in more than 30 countries. The product has been able to  compete with the United States of the world’s top brand similar products and some of the core indicators  are world’s leading. After years of research and development, through advanced unique technology, the  production of products with high strength and hardness can replace the use of preserved wood and  natural wood.  

